---
subTitle: 'Multi launch event'
title: 'BMW The Reveal'
image: '/images/bmw-the-reveal.jpg'
---

:CHero{:subTitle=subTitle :title=title :image=image}

::CContent
"BMW" rhymes with "tough", "stylish" and "confident". So it's logical that shows introducing new models should do the same. A thrill ride that I as a projectmanager was happy to take on, warning visitors: fasten your seatbelts!

You never get a second chance to make a first impression. When you unpack new BMW models, you have to amaze your audience completely. And that is exactly what we did with the event The Reveal. The warehouses of BMW Group Belux's headquarters in Bornem were transformed into a true show arena, as the backdrop for no fewer than 11 breathtaking reveals where one (avant-)premiere stumbled over another.

Exciting acts and stunts? Check!
Special 4D effects with wind, fire, water and smoke? Check!
Original 360°-experience? Check!
The more than 10,000 guests were short of eyes, ears and open mouths to take in all that spectacle. The logical consequence of a fantastic collaboration with our partners from L&L Stage Services (technology), Silverspoon (catering), Mojuice (show direction & visualisation), LDP(lighting design), Novid (projections), AVM-SFX (special effects), Showtex (curtains & grandstand) and Visual Solutions (show control video). The result was much more than the sum of its parts.  

But the stars of any show were of course the new models themselves: guests could marvel at the fine lines and visionary technology of the BMW i3 LCI, the BMW 6 Gran Turismo, the BMW X3, the BMW M5 and the BMW M4 CS. With the icing on the cake being the brand new BMW i8 Roadster and BMW X2, which were presented to the general public for the first time - smartphones were therefore banned, which made the evening even more exclusive.

Our collaboration with BMW could therefore be summed up in two words: top gear!
::