---
subTitle: 'World Final'
title: 'World Chocolate Masters World Final'
image: ''
---

:CHeroProject{:subTitle=subTitle :title=title :image=image}

::CContent
A project I have lost my heart to.... World Chocolate Masters. To this day, I have been working as the all-round project manager of this project, setting up this wonderful production from A to Z. WCM is a brand in itself, a label of quality, a source of inspiration and above all a bringer of talent. World Chocolate Masters is a place where trends are born and where boundaries are explored in abundance. As lead in this project, I am in intense contact with the various stakeholders of the event. On the one hand, I consult the internal committee and external consultants to shape the project, and on the other, I inform and engage the 20 or so local marketing and academy teams involved.

I take care of the day-to-day continuation and coordinate an external agency to take care of communications for this purpose. Together with our internal digital teams, we developed a digital strategy that is now being rolled out further. The tasks below are also part of my responsibilities:

- Internal communication\
  Guidance 18 local WCM teams involved: contestants & jury members\
  Update calls (individual & global)
- External communication\
  Creative digital content creation\
  SoMe channels, press releases, Pardot newsletters, website\
  Easy to implement toolboxes for local teams, sponsors, press
- Committee meetings\
  Define topics to discuss, take notes, define action points, follow up within committee
- Sponsors\
  Calls & contact partners & sponsors\
  Creation contracts and follow up
- Content competition\
  Follow up Rules & Regulations\
  Questions from contestants\
  Script bootcamp & livestream\
  Contact other brand integrations (Mona Lisa, Or Noir, Callebaut)
- National Selections: realization of events in W-Europe (practicals, logistics, samples, setup,…)
- Bootcamp: location hunt, content creation, practical arrangements, designs, AV, Visa applications
- Practicals & logistics World Final (in collab. with F&E)
- Budget follow up

::CVideo
---
embedId: 'zSadEft1MYM'
---
::
::

:CPrevNext