---
subTitle: 'Urban publiek stadsevent'
title: 'Antwerp City Drops'
image: '/images/city-drops.jpg'
---

:CHeroProject{:subTitle=subTitle :title=title :image=image}

::CContent
The second edition of Antwerp City Drops once again turned Antwerp into one big, energetic drop zone. All kinds of urban sports - from skating over slacklining to freerunning, BMX and breakdance - came together and were introduced to the people via demos, taster sessions and whatnot.

The decoration was spot on, just like the first time: Antwerp City Drops once again filled the city with a vibrant and successful mix of street art, lifestyle, food trucks and DJ sets. That this formula was clearly appreciated was clear from the figures: the second edition attracted 10,000 more people to the event - no fewer than 60,000 visitors enjoyed dropping in the city of Brabo.

Fortunately, this did not cause any organisational problems. On the contrary: in consultation with the city council, dance (Groenplaats) and BMX (Steenplein) were given better locations. Dance, in particular, attracted a lot of people last time and was therefore allowed a full main site this time. By the way, the random passage on the Groenplaats ensured that many people were spontaneously drawn into the ACD track.

The Fast Forward organisation also attracted international attention: the Antwerp City Drops concept was nominated for the prestigious BEA WORLD awards (as one of only two Belgian selections). Specifically, we were selected in the 'public event' category, with nine other projects.

::CVideo
---
embedId: 'f898AAjxSmg'
---
::
::

:CPrevNext